---
title: Officer Meeting 16th August 2019
date: 2019-08-16
author: Belar
type: officer
---
**Present**: Belar, Ren, Ilanas, Marianneke, Alaranna (despite weather)

**Starting comment from B**:
I would like the guild to know that the officers have all been struggling, to varying degrees, with RL issues around health, work and personal matters. Please be aware that the people you talk to online might be having tough times outside WoW and think before you speak or even vent. We are committed to keeping this guild an enjoyable place to be and we ask for your cooperation and support with this task.

**2019-Promotions / demotions for raider trials**:
Attendances and performances reviewed and promotions etc actioned
One player to be approached regarding signing for raids, another to be offered assistance

**Raiding progress**:
We are ahead of last raid tier schedule and face an early completion of Temple if we stick to the job and perform as expected.
The officers very, very strongly recommend that raiders complete at least one M+ per week (suitable to provide gear 5 i-levels ahead of current raiding). If we look at the gap in gearing in the raid team, we can see clearly who is doing M+s and they are performing better. Essence acquisition is also boosted!

**Raid signups**:
We hope to use Discord to push notifications to raiders. Ren will look at this and we will ensure that all raiders are set at raider role on Disc.

**Officer roles and breaks**:
B will chat to Sharion around playtime and officer-ness
Alaranna will be reducing playtime quite a lot until around Christmas time

**Recruitment**:
WoWProgress has been updated and the website has been discussed and updated
We are still recruiting raiders, check the front page of the website to see which classes we need
(ranged dps where are you?)

**Social events**:
Social activities on Saturdays will be Mog raids, M+ nights, PVP nights, possibly another treasure hunt by Steve. We are wary of scheduling too much so please keep watching the Blizz calendar for events
Also, Blizz celebrates WoW’s 15th Anniversary soon, watch for a special raid as part of these events

**Wow Classic**:
Pyrewood Village is our chosen server so reserve your names now 
(which one of you stole “Belar” ???????)
We have set up a Blizzard community to help us keep in touch when on Classic or over on Hordeside
(https://eu.forums.blizzard.com/en/wow/t/wow-classic-realm-names-and-types-europe/67930)

**Guild news updates**:
This will be trialled on the website starting soon, looking for one per month or so
Speak to Marianneke with suggestions please
