---
title: Officer Meeting 2nd October 2020
date: 2020-10-02
author: Belar
type: officer
---

**Present**: Belar, Ilanas, Endarion, Neffetiti, Marianne

Matters discussed:

1. **Making the raid** should we have more than 30 signups will obviously require us to reduce to a maximum number of 30.
We need to have a method to prioritise and this is what we will use:
<!--more-->

 - First: Raiders from last expansion
 - Second: Social players who have raided with us before the last expansion
 - Third: Recently recruited players who joined us to raid (last 3 months)
 - Fourth: Recently recruited as social who now wish to raid (last 3 months)
 - Fifth: Non-Raven friends who wish to join

We need to stress that we have not seen this issue for some years and that it's not uncommon for our raiders to drop to social for a while to deal with the things that RL throws at them, to return later once events are calmer.
We expect that we will be able to accommodate all those who wish to raid over the longer term but there might be a squish early on, please be patient.

2. **Raid start date**
We propose to start progression raiding one week after Blizz opens the raid. As there is a bit of uncertainty around the expansion date and therefore also around the gap between expansion start and raid opening, we propose to hold guild progression raiding until one week after the raid opens. This might be open to amendment later (if Blizz hold back raiding by a third week for example) but we will post and hold a social raid for those keen beans who would like to get into the raid asap (see below)
For those who are ready to raid on the first available night, there will be a signup posted on the Blizz calendar. Our guild raid rules will not apply, it's all at the discretion of the RL that night. If it's successful, it can be repeated on Sunday.
Heroic/Mythic position was discussed and, if the raid team is interested, once heroic is done and "Curve" achieved for all our raiders, we can look at Mythic bosses with strictly no pressure on those who wish to stick only to Heroic bosses.

3. **Raid performance** will be managed as per the guild raid rules
https://ravensilvermoon.enjin.com/forum/m/5848781/viewthread/21091283-raiding-rules
It would not be appropriate, for example, to keep a player in place as a raider who is doing less dps than the tanks and is unable to improve particularly if we are benching other people
Cue ominous deep voice "YOU MUST BE PREPARED!"

4. **Lewt**: you must be well aware of the relative stat priorities for your class and you must be aware that a small ilevel upgrade for you for an item with poor secondary stats might be a huge upgrade for another raider who needs exactly those stats. Raid Success >> raider ilevel

5. **Guild 15th Anniversary**
Keep your eyes open for celebration events as planning is in its early stages. Guild gold etc will be disbursed as prizes!

B
