---
title: Officer Meeting 7th March 2021
date: 2021-03-07
author: Belar
type: officer
---

**Present**: Belar, Neffetiti, Ilanas, Endarion, Kalfrice, Violence (very quietly)

**Mythic Raids**: We talked around this quite a lot, specifically about how to do this and expectations and disappointment and gear and so on. The end result is that we are a HC raiding guild, and we set no targets for mythic raid bosses.
In the prevailing circumstances, with perhaps 6 weeks or more until the next raid tier, with people still on lockdown and desperately needing entertainment, we will schedule mythic raids on Sunday evening, with HC on Wednesday. Naturally, no attendance will be taken for mythic raids, and we need to deal with gearing, interest and ability.
Kalfrice will continue to loosely raid lead (his words) and Ilanas plus Endarion will assist with making the raid and dealing with preparedness etc.
The Wednesday HC raids will be an opportunity for those who missed curve to catch up and get the achievement.
<!--more-->

**Mythic+ dungeons**: We talked about social groupings and how RL arrangements with RL friends can be carried forward into pushing keys or achieving multiple choices in the weekly chest.
In an effort to increase the numbers of M+ for all members, Friday evenings will be either social raids or M+ evenings for people to attend with no advance arrangements made, so we can mix it up and increase the net chaos in the guild!
Some of our members are very good at planning these keys and many of the rest of us can learn a lot from seeing them in action.
